[v4] Refactor Proxy documentation (#475)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/deployment/optional-software/snippets/strapi-server.md

### Strapi Server

> In order to take full advantage of a proxied Strapi application you will need to configure Strapi to make it aware of the upstream proxy. Like with the below configurations there are 3 matching examples. To read more about the server and admin configuration files please see the [server configuration](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/required/server.md) and [admin configuration](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/required/admin-panel.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to take full advantage of a proxied Strapi application, Strapi should be configured so it's aware of the upstream proxy. Like with the below configurations there are 3 matching examples. Additional information can be found in the [server configuration](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/required/server.md) and [admin configuration](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/required/admin-panel.md) documentations.
```

to match our styleguide :-)

:::note API Prefix

> Note that in many of these examples we are using the default API Prefix of `/api`, this can be changed without the need to directly modify the Nginx configuration, please see the [API Prefix](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/optional/api.md) documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples use the default API Prefix of `/api`. This can be changed without the need to directly modify the Nginx configuration (see the [API prefix](/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/optional/api.md) documentation).
```

to match our styleguide as well :-)

:::

> :::note Admin URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution Admin URL
```

> If you are changing the `url` key in the `./config/admin.js` or `./config/server.js` files **you will need to rebuild the admin panel** as we statically build the admin using these keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `url` key is changed in the `./config/admin.js` or `./config/server.js` files, the admin panel needs to be rebuilt with `yarn build` or `npm run build`.
```
styleguide improvements ;)

:::

::::: tabs card

:::: tab Sub-Domain

> #### Sub-Domain Strapi config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Sub-domain Strapi configuration
```

---

- Example Domain: `api.example.com`
- Example Admin: `api.example.com/admin`
- Example API: `api.example.com/api`
- Example Uploaded Files (local provider): `api.example.com/uploads`

> **Path —** `config/server.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
// path: ./config/server.js

```

module.exports = ({ env }) => ({
  host: env('HOST', '0.0.0.0'),
  port: env.int('PORT', 1337),
  url: 'https://api.example.com',
});
```

::::

:::: tab Sub-Folder-Unified

> #### Sub-Folder Unified Strapi config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Sub-Folder Unified Strapi configuration
```

---

- Example Domain: `example.com/test`
- Example Admin: `example.com/test/admin`
- Example API: `example.com/test/api`
- Example Uploaded Files (local provider): `example.com/test/uploads`

> **Path —** `config/server.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
// path: ./config/server.js

```

module.exports = ({ env }) => ({
  host: env('HOST', '0.0.0.0'),
  port: env.int('PORT', 1337),
  url: 'https://example.com/test',
});
```

::::

:::: tab Sub-Folder-Split

> #### Sub-Folder Split Strapi config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Sub-Folder Split Strapi configuration
```

---

- Example Domain: `example.com`
- Example Admin: `example.com/dashboard`
- Example API: `example.com/api`
- Example Uploaded Files (local provider): `example.com/uploads`

> **Path —** `config/server.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
// path: ./config/server.js

```

module.exports = ({ env }) => ({
  host: env('HOST', '0.0.0.0'),
  port: env.int('PORT', 1337),
  url: 'https://example.com',
});
```

> **Path —** `config/admin.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
// path: ./config/admin.js

```
